Instructions for macOS Monterey (#136)
vulpemventures/nigiri: README.md

$ nigiri start --liquid
```
**That's it.**

---
**Note for users of macOS Monterey**

When trying to start Nigiri, you might get an error similar to the following:

```
Error response from daemon: Ports are not available: listen tcp 0.0.0.0:5000: bind: address already in use
exit status 1
```

This is due to AirPlay Receiver using port 5000, conflicting with Esplora trying to run using the very same port. 

There are two ways to deal with this issue:

1) Uncheck AirPlay Receiver in `System Preferences → Sharing → AirPlay Receiver`

> 2) Change Esplora’s port to something other than 5000. This can be done by changing it in [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/vulpemventures/nigiri/blob/master/cmd/nigiri/resources/docker-compose.yml#L110) found in `$HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Nigiri/`. If you previously tried starting Nigiri getting an error – you might have to run `nigiri stop --delete`  before restarting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Change Esplora’s port to something other than 5000. This can be done by changing it in [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/vulpemventures/nigiri/blob/master/cmd/nigiri/resources/docker-compose.yml#L110) found in your data directory. 

If you previously tried starting Nigiri getting an error – you might have to run `nigiri stop --delete`  before restarting it.
```

Reviewer: We already explained where data directory is in previous paragraph, this way we do not need to repeat for all systems.

Author: Sure. But the 

> If you previously tried …

is only relevant for point 2. So it should not be on a separate line.
